[docs] Adding tree shaking guide for SWC compiler (#36456)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/minimizing-bundle-size.md

+import { Button, TextField } from '@mui/material';
```

### Option three: use a SWC plugin

> This option pretty much similar to option two, except for the developer who is using [SWC Compiler](https://swc.rs/). A SWC plugin can be used for transforming the imports: [transform-imports](https://github.com/swc-project/plugins/blob/main/packages/transform-imports/README.md). This plugin can be added to either .swcrc or Webpack configuration.
> 
> Here is the example of adding SWC Compiler plugin to Webpack configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option pretty much similar to option two, except for the developer who is using [SWC Compiler](https://swc.rs/). Use this [plugin](https://github.com/swc-project/plugins/blob/main/packages/transform-imports/README.md):

`yarn add -D @swc/plugin-transform-imports`

Add the configuration to either .swcrc or Webpack configuration:
```

> This option pretty much similar to option two, except for the developer who is using [SWC Compiler](https://swc.rs/). A SWC plugin can be used for transforming the imports: [transform-imports](https://github.com/swc-project/plugins/blob/main/packages/transform-imports/README.md). This plugin can be added to either .swcrc or Webpack configuration.
> 
> Here is the example of adding SWC Compiler plugin to Webpack configuration file:

Author: ```suggestion
This option pretty much similar to option two, except for the developer who is using [SWC Compiler](https://swc.rs/). Use this [plugin](https://github.com/swc-project/plugins/blob/main/packages/transform-imports/README.md):

`yarn add -D @swc/plugin-transform-imports`

Add the configuration to either .swcrc or Webpack configuration:
```

+import { Button, TextField } from '@mui/material';
```

### Option three: use a SWC plugin

This option pretty much similar to the option two, except for the developer who is using [SWC Compiler](https://swc.rs/). Use this [plugin](https://github.com/swc-project/plugins/blob/main/packages/transform-imports/README.md):

> `yarn add -D @swc/plugin-transform-imports`

Reviewer 2: Would we also need `@swc/core` and `swc-loader` dependencies?

> Modify your .swcrc or Webpack configuration:

Reviewer 2: Below we are showing the config for Webpack, so mentioning `.swcrc` here may confuse users. It would be better to show a separate config for `.swcrc`.
```suggestion
Modify your webpack configuration as shown below:
```

```js
/* webpack.config.js */
const webpackConfig = {
  // ...
  module: {
    rules: [
      ...{

>         test: /\.tsx?$/,

Reviewer 2: Include Javascript files as well:
```suggestion
        test: /\.(tsx?|jsx?)$/,
```

>         test: /\.tsx?$/,
>         use: [

Reviewer 2: Should we exclude `node_modules`?
```suggestion
        test: /\.tsx?$/,
        exclude: /(node_modules)/,
        use: [
```
